   |-----------------------|
   |   Random Generation   |
   |-----------------------|



You can close this help text by pressing the ?.
You can go back to the menu with the <.
You can close the program by using 'ESC' on your keyboard.


Generate
--------
This will generate a random environment with the current parameter settings

NOTE:
If you want to generate a different environment with the other parameters being the same change the seed.


Advanced Option
---------------
This shows more parameters for experienced users.


Parameter Information
---------------------
FOR A MORE DETAILED EXPLANATION PLEASE SEE THE OFFICIAL FLATLAND DOCUMENTATION!
---------------------
Rows:
Determines the height of the environment.
Also referred to as the X-direction in Flatland.

Columns:
Determines the width of the environment.
Also referred to as the Y-direction in Flatland.

No. of Agents:
Determines number of trains on the environment.

Max. No. of Cities:
Determines the maximum number of cities environment.
Cities are locations on the environment where trains start and where stations get placed.

Seed:
If you want a different environment with the same parameters just change the seed.
If you want the same environment to be generated again use the same seed and parameters.

Grid Mode:
Determines whether Flatland arranges the cities in a grid like pattern or at random locations in the environment.

Max. No. of rails between cities:
Determines how many parallel lines of tracks can be generated between the cities.

Max. No. of rails pairs in cities:
Determines how many parallel lines of tracks can be generated inside the cities.

Remove Agents on Arrival:
Determines if a trains is still on the environment once it reaches its destination.
If the train is removed other trains can pass through the cell where the train ends.
If the train is NOT removed that cell is blocked after the train arrives.

Speed Ratio Map:
This represents how many trains can have a certain speed.
This is given as:
{speed : chance of occurring}.
For example: {1.0 : 0.5, 0.25: 0.5} means a train has 50% chance of having speed 1 and a 50% chance of having speed 0.25.
Speed 0.25 means it takes 4 time steps to move 1 cell.
The speed always has to be a value that is the result of 1/n.
The chances must add up to 1.

Malfunction Rate:
Represents the chance of a malfunction occurring.
For example: 1/3 means on average a malfunction occurs every third timestep.
This must be given as a fraction A/B.

Min Duration:
Determines the minimum length of a malfunction in time steps.

Max Duration:
Determines the maximum length of a malfunction in time steps.